manuals
=======

A bunch of wget-ed online documentation I regularly reference offline.

Purpose
-------

Over the years, I've accrued favorite online documentation & references for the various tools, programs, and languages I regularly use for work & leisure. So long as I'm working on my oldest computer--with all of its bookmarks--and connected to the internet, life is good.

But I don't always use my oldest computer, and I don't always have internet access.

Accordingly, a manuals repository.

With this, I can use my preferred documentation offline on any computer, and easily add & sync new documentation once I'm back online.

Suggested Use
-------------

Downloaded documentation can be viewed by opening what is usually named the *index.html* file of each wget-ed documentation. For instance, to view the LaTeXPrimer manual in the LaTeX directory, open it in Chromium with the following command from the *manuals* repository directory:

		chromium-browser LaTeX/LaTeXPrimer/www.maths.tcd.ie/~dwilkins/LaTeXPrimer/index.html
		
Unfortunately, sometimes finding this *index.html* file can be tricky. It might not be called *index.html*, it might be several, several layers deep in a confusing jumble of directories, etc. I can only wish you good luck here! My **strong** recommendation is to bookmark each such file in your favorite browser as soon as you find it. This way you only have to search just the once.

You should feel free to add to the downloaded documentation collected here. If you find some online documentation you want for off-line reference that's not in the cloned repository already, you can download it yourself easily enough:

1.	Change to the *manuals* repository directory. E.G.

		cd ~/Programming/programming_projects/manuals

2.	Copy the URI of the online documentation you want to download. E.G. <http://www.maths.tcd.ie/~dwilkins/LaTeXPrimer/>.

3.	Execute *wget_manual.sh*. E.G.

		./wget_manual.sh ./LaTeX/LaTeXPrimer http://www.maths.tcd.ie/~dwilkins/LaTeXPrimer/

Nota bene: be advised that not all documentation is licensed such that it can be used this way legally. Be sure to check the license before downloading!